Friends, delegates and fellow Americans: I humbly and gratefully accept your nomination for the presidency of the United States. ?
Americans watching this address tonight have seen the recent images of violence in our streets and the chaos in our communities.
Many have witnessed this violence personally, some have even been its victims.
I have a message for all of you: the crime and violence that today afflicts our nation will soon come to an end. Beginning on January 20th?2017, safety will be restored. ?
America is far less safe ? and the world is far less stable ? than when Obama made the decision to put Hillary Clinton in charge of America?s foreign policy.
I am certain it is a decision he truly regrets. Her bad instincts
and her bad judgment ? something pointed out by Bernie Sanders ? are what caused many of the disasters unfolding today. ?
But Hillary Clinton?s legacy does not have to be America?s legacy. The problems
we face now ? poverty and violence at home, war and destruction abroad ? will last only as long as we continue relying on the same politicians who created them. ?

As long as we are led by politicians who will not put America First, then we can be assured that other nations will not treat America with respect. This will all change when I take office. ?
My message is that things have to change ? and they have to change right now.
Every day I wake up determined to deliver a better life for the people all across this nation that have been neglected, ignored,
and abandoned. ?
Middle-income Americans and businesses will experience profound relief, and taxes will be greatly simplified for everyone. America is one of the highest-taxed nations in the world.
Reducing taxes will cause new companies and new jobs to come roaring back into
our country.
Then we are going to deal with the issue of regulation, one of the greatest job-killers of them all.
Excessive regulation is costing our country
as much as 2 trillion dollars a year, and
we will end it. ?
With these new economic policies, trillions of dollars will start flowing into
our country.
This new wealth will improve the quality of life for
all Americans. We will build the roads, highways, bridges, tunnels, airports, and the railways
of tomorrow.
This, in turn, will create millions
more jobs.
We will rescue kids from failing schools by helping their parents send them to a
safe school of their choice. ?
So to every parent who dreams for their child, and every child who dreams
for their future, I say these words to you tonight:I?m with you, I will fight for you, and I will win for you

